You're not going to ride on the horse that you said you would ride.
How about you ride it by yourself?
By myself?
What do you mean by that?
Don't you know what a horse is?
You don't know what a horse is?
A horse?
What is the horse you're talking about?
You're going to ride it by yourself with 500 yen.
It's a lot, isn't it?
How much is it?
With three
You're not going to ride it by yourself?
You're going to ride it by yourself with 500 yen.
What is this?
You don't know what a horse is?
I can't do it properly.
I'm a young man.
I don't need a horse.
I'm a great man.
I'll run away.
I'm angry with you.
I'll talk to you.
I'll come out.
I'm a guest.
I'll go to the gate of the temple.
I have two horses.
I don't know they carry many holding,
and they drive richly.
How about going alone?
Male or female?
Male is the most expensive.
Is it more expensive for her good family?
May I know if your poor family and horse are on the sameNot pregunta.
I can't makeipple andaus p toutes.
I heard The diagram said tests for atrocities in the minimum demand for women could be至300,000 double the price of women's clothes
And why do I care that people aren't paying theirmay for Ini levy?
Because I feel different
They felt different
So I was deepen my melty cheek
But fish meat stays
It seems that I gain a lot by Hau horses
No tomatoes
I'm not used to it yet.
Oh, how about you, customer?
How about you, customer?
Here it comes.
Hey, take this and ride it.
What are you saying?
What a great deal!
You three are lucky to have three people.
You don't need to be a translation.
You can ride it with a high price.
You three can ride it for 300 yen.
300 yen for three people?
How much is 500 yen?
You can ride it for 300 yen for three people.
300 yen for three people.
How much is 500 yen for three people?
Can you ride it?
Of course you can.
You can ride it with a horse.
How about 500 yen for everyone?
You know how to ride it.
I'm sorry, but can you ride it?
You can ride it.
You can ride it in the middle of the road.
I'm sorry, but can you ride it?